The data used in this analysis is the Fitbit Fitness Tracker Data made available by Mobius stored on Kaggle.
This dataset is under CC0: Public Domain license meaning the creator has waive his right to the work under the copyright law.
The data contains personal fitness tracker from thirty fitbit users. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits.
These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016.
The dataset has in total 18 files in .csv format organized in long format.


For this analysis the datasets for daily activity, daily calories, daily intensities, daily steps, heartrate by seconds, minute METs, daily sleep, and weight log information, will be used.

R Studio was used to complete this analysis because of the many packages and data visualization features available to explore the data with.




Conclusion


The dataset is from a third party. Hence has low data quality and integrity. 
The company needs to develop a method to generate its own users' data internally, as this will produce high-quality data.
According to analysis  that users are not recording/updating there sleep and weight data.
This can be solved by adding daily reminders for users , so that they’d be notified to weigh themselves more frequently and also record there sleep time so that they can be more aware of there sleeping habits.
According to the visualization we see that a fast half of users have an Inadequate sleep or oversleep, that means that Bellabeat can improve their sleep tracker program.
It is my first Analytics project using my skills and mindset.Thank You, for showing your interest in going through the whole project.It is my first Analytics project using my skills and mindset.
Thank You, for showing your interest in going through the whole project.
